STUDENT RESPONSIBILITY
Each student should study this Undergraduate Bulletin and become completely familiar with the organization and the regulations of the university. Failure to do  this may result in serious mistakes for which the student shall be held fully responsible.

POLICY STATEMENT
Policies and procedures stated in this bulletin-from admission through graduation-require continuing evaluation, review, and approval by appropriate university officials. All statements reflect policies in existence at the time this bulletin went to press, and the university reserves the right to change policies at any time and without prior notice.

University officials determine whether students have satisfactorily met admission, retention, or graduation requirements. Arkansas State University reserves the right to require a student to withdraw from the university for cause at any time.

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION
Arkansas State University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer with a strong institutional commitment to the achievement of excellence and diversity among its faculty and staff. To that end, the university provides opportunities in employment practices, admission and treatment of students without regard to color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, race, age, national origin, religion, marital status, veteran status, genetic information or disability. Arkansas State University complies with all applicable federal and state legislation and does not discriminate on the basis of any unlawful criteria.

Questions regarding this policy should be addressed to the Affirmative Action Program Coordinator, P.O. Box 1500, State University, Arkansas 72467. Telephone (870) 972-3658.

SERVICES FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES
Arkansas State University’s Coordinator of Services to students, faculty and staff with disabilities is also the university’s compliance coordinator for Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and the ADA Accessibility Guidelines (ADAAG). In this capacity, the coordinator arranges for academic adjustments and auxiliary aids to be provided to qualified students and coordinates workplace accommodations. The coordinator also is the individual to whom concerns about physical access to facilities, buildings and grounds should be addressed. The coordinator’s office is located on the second floor (Room 2181) of the Reng Student Services Center. The telephone number is (870) 972-3964. The number for the Telecommunications Device for the Deaf (TDD) is (870) 972-3458.

Arkansas State University will provide auxiliary aids, without cost, to those students with verified disabilities who require such services. If service providers are necessary, Arkansas State University will provide appropriately trained providers (other than paid tutors).

